README: Installation changes (#40)
iterative/helm-charts: README.md

    --docker-password=password
```

> Deploy Studio using the helm chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy Studio using the Helm chart:
```

> Note: If you want to install Studio in any other namespace, modify the
> `--namespace` flag in the commands below accordingly

> ### Create a docker registry secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a Docker registry secret
```

> Configure Credentials to pull images from our secured registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure credentials for pulling images from our private registry:
```

    --docker-password=<password>
```

### Prepare a TLS secret

It is desired to enable Studio access via the `https` protocol
(as opposed to `http`). This requires setting up

> a TLS secret for access (whether self-signed or "real").

Reviewer: Let's mention that if the user already has a TLS certificate,  they should jump straight to the section about creating the secret

First, we'll need to generate a TLS/SSL certificate,
and then, load it into a kubernetes secret in the namespace studio
will be installed in.
To create an SSL cert, you will need to know the domain (FQDN) that Studio
will be accessible from (e.g. `studio.iterative.ai` for the official SaaS
installation). 

As an example, we'll assume your Studio installation will be available
via: `https://my-studio.private.com`. We'll also use a self-signed
certificate for the sake of simplicity. Of course, for a production
installation we recommend using a certificate signed by a trusted CA.

Let's create a self-signed SSL cert using `openssl` (you may need to install it):
```bash
openssl req \
-x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -sha256 -nodes \
-keyout tls.key -out tls.crt \

> -subj "/CN=my-studio.private.com" -days 365

Author: Thanks! Fixed

```

This will create the files `tls.crt` & `tls.key` in your current dir.

Now, let's create a TLS secret containing the contents from this cert:

```bash
kubectl create secret tls studio-ingress-tls \
  --namespace studio \
  --cert=tls.crt \
  --key=tls.key
```

We will refer to this secret in the below installation instructions.

### Install Studio

Now, we are ready to deploy Studio using the Helm chart.

> Add the iterative helm repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Iterative Helm repository:
```

```bash
$ helm repo add iterative https://helm.iterative.ai
```

### Minimal Installation:

To install studio with all default values (for sanity, testing), 
Run the following command:
```bash
$ helm install studio iterative/studio \
    --namespace studio \
    --set-json='imagePullSecrets=[{"name": "iterativeai"}]'
```

### Functional Installation:

Realistically, for a functional Studio app instance, you'll
need to configure multiple values. In this example we'll prepare a
more realistic and functional installation.

Assumptions:
- We have an ingress controller (nginx) installed on the cluster.
- Studio will be available from the domain: `my-studio.private.com`
  (we've registered this domain and made sure to redirect to our cluster).
- We refer to the TLS secret `studio-ingress-tls` we've created in [a previous step](#prepare-tls-secret).

> Create a file named `studio-values.yaml`, with the following contents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a file named `values.yaml`, with the following contents:
```
Let's just use `values.yaml`

Reviewer: When deploying Studio, do you think the user will have other `values.yaml` files? 

As we discussed earlier, the most common filename examples out in the wild are `values.yaml` and `override.yaml`

Author: if they follow the instructions they may very well have the values file from installing the nginx ingress controller.
This is why I specified the names. I don't see a clear downside on using the more specific name to be honest

Reviewer: Makes sense. Let's keep it :+1:

```yaml
imagePullSecrets:
  - name: iterativeai
studioUi:
  ingress:
    className: nginx
    enabled: true

>     hosts:
>       - host: "my-studio.private.com"
>         paths:
>           - path: /
>             pathType: ImplementationSpecific
>     tls:
>       - secretName: studio-ingress-tls
>         hosts:
>           - "my-studio.private.com"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    host: "my-studio.private.com"
    tlsEnabled: true
    tlsSecretName: studio-ingress-tls
```

Reviewer: Updated according to current values.yaml structure

Author: thanks! I want the ingress value unification in and then I'll adjust all values here

studioBackend:
  ingress:
    className: nginx
    enabled: true

>     hosts:
>       - host: "my-studio.private.com"
>         paths:
>           - path: /api
>             pathType: ImplementationSpecific
>     tls:
>       - secretName: studio-ingress-tls
>         hosts:
>           - "my-studio.private.com"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    hosts: "my-studio.private.com"
    tlsEnabled: true
    tlsSecretName: studio-ingress-tls
```

Reviewer: Updated according to current values.yaml structure

```bash
$ helm repo add iterative https://helm.iterative.ai
```

### Minimal Installation:

To install studio with all default values (for sanity, testing), 
Run the following command:
```bash
$ helm install studio iterative/studio \
    --namespace studio \
    --set-json='imagePullSecrets=[{"name": "iterativeai"}]'
```

### Functional Installation:

Realistically, for a functional Studio app instance, you'll
need to configure multiple values. In this example we'll prepare a
more realistic and functional installation.

Assumptions:
- We have an ingress controller (nginx) installed on the cluster.
- Studio will be available from the domain: `my-studio.private.com`
  (we've registered this domain and made sure to redirect to our cluster).
- We refer to the TLS secret `studio-ingress-tls` we've created in [a previous step](#prepare-tls-secret).

Create a file named `studio-values.yaml`, with the following contents:

```yaml
imagePullSecrets:
  - name: iterativeai

global:
  host: "my-studio.private.com"
  ingress:
    enabled: true
    className: nginx
    tlsEnabled: true
    tlsSecretName: studio-ingress-tls
  blobvault:
    accessKeyId: <aws-access-key-id>

>     secretAccessKeyId: <aws-secret-access-key>

Reviewer: We're already configuring blobvault by default via the minio dependency. 
This should be optional if the user wants to use cloud S3 instead. I think we can leave it out for now.

Author: removed

$ helm uninstall studio --namespace studio
```

## Chart Configuration

> To further configure the chart values, you might want to create a `values.yaml` 

Reviewer: > you might want to create a `values.yaml`

We need to rephrase this because users always need to create their own `values.yaml` to set some variables.

I was thinking of showcasing the chart configuration using examples for each SCM provider. However, it might be in the form of links to pages on our docs website.

Reviewer: Also, `values.yaml` versus `override.yaml` - what's the most common filename for overriding the chart's own `values.yaml`?

Author: @jesper7  - you're right, I put this in draft exactly because the only-1-value instruction is basically toy. there's always going to be more. so I'm thinking of expanding this to:
- 1 liner installation case (like today)
- more realistic installation case, showing an example `values.yaml` that is fitting for a simple installation with ingresses.

`values.yaml` vs `override.yaml` - more familiar with `values.yaml` (or `<x>_values.yaml`/`<x>-values.yaml` when dealing with multiple installations) personally but whatever you prefer. 
short google led me [here](https://all.docs.genesys.com/PrivateEdition/Current/PEGuide/HelmOverrides) where they use `<x>_values.yaml` but it's not authoritative.
I don't feel strongly about this 🤷
